---
share_link: https://share.note.sx/p2j8cegm
share_updated: 2025-06-20T20:41:49+01:00
---
###### Full Explanation
<span class="sub2">:FasClock: Plan</span>

---

### Stage 0 - The Years Before
[[Squire Beaver]] joined `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain`'s network around a decade ago. In the latter parts of the war he was deployed a spy in Russia under [[Colonel Hawkings]]. He was undercover in a smuggling gang known as the Kommodore Sect, and selling both British and Russian secrets to `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain`. It was in the sect that he met and befriended `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].ChefRussian`. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` had been passing on [[Squire Beaver]]'s information to the Russian government, and the Kommodore discovered there was a mole. [[Squire Beaver]] and `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].ChefRussian` investigated, ultimately leading to [[Squire Beaver]] framing someone else as the mole and killing them before they could prove their innocence. He knew `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].ChefRussian` could put it together given the chance, so he told the Kommidore `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].ChefRussian` was the leak and they tried to kill him. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].ChefRussian` was tricked by [[Squire Beaver]] into thinking the Russian government believed he killed their agent and this was their response. [[Squire Beaver]] then used his British Government contacts to set `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].ChefRussian` up with a new life in England and a false identity under the name of "`= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Chef`".

[[Squire Beaver]] was later forced to retire from the military due to a wound he received which lodged a lead lined, iron core bullet into the left of his chest. [[Dr Redmund Herring]] was assigned to oversee his case, and determined that while the bullet was potentially removable, it's proximity to the heart made this an extremely risky procedure. As such, it was decided to leave it in place. This caused [[Squire Beaver]] to develop lead poisoning. Leading to his recent problems with anger, irrationality and memory loss, including an incident where he seriously injured [[Catherine Adams]].

[[Dr Corbyn Beaver]] was introduced to the network by his father a few years later. His position as doctor in one of the most secure prisons in the UK put him in prime position to smuggle contraband and information in and out. After `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` was arrested, he was employed to help fake her death. He would pass a knife and instructions to stab `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` in the guts in return for bribing the judge on her appeal. He then gave `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` a stab proof vest and, when she was taken to his medical room, pronounced her dead. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Detective` would then be called to inspect the body. A trick medical examining table was used, along with the cadaver of another hare who had been stabbed. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain`'s body was contained in the bulk of the table, with just her head sticking up and joined to the body by the neck. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` would then be given a dose of Adder's venom to put her briefly in a near death state where her life-signs, such as breathing, would be almost undetectable.

In planning this, [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]] had complained to [[Aurora Fable|Weasel Brown]] about [[Lady Beaver]]'s obsession with psychics, and reckless spending of money on them. [[Aurora Fable|Weasel Brown]], wanting to leave smuggling behind, decided to track her down after release, disguise herself as a ferret called [[Aurora Fable]] and con her for as much as she could. She had a habit of eavesdropping to overhear useful information for her scam and overheard [[Squire Beaver]] and  `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Chef` speaking in Russian about his past. As a former smuggler, she had worked with the Kommodore sect and understood enough to know she could sell them the information that someone they were looking for was hiding here. Eventually leading to them sending [[Sheila Cringle|Zykova Nikitova]] disguised as [[Sheila Cringle]] to assassinate him.

She convinced [[Lady Beaver]] to allow her to oversee the construction of a [[Séance Room]], which she took advantage of to add secret contraptions and embezzle funds. [[Squire Beaver]] was in dire financial straits, in no small part due to [[Lady Beaver]]'s expenditure, and hired [[Armond Armadillo]] to manage his finances and act as a barrier to [[Lady Beaver]]'s ideas. He received communication from `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain`'s network, recommending him to use [[Ruffles Hound]]'s company as they would be able to offer a reduced price as it was largely a front for the organisation to launder money through.

But [[Squire Beaver]]'s medical problems had lead him to sour his relationship with `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain`'s network since her death. His commutations with them had become increasingly irate, demanding more power and causing disruptions to the network's function. Even threatening to go to expose members to law enforcement. This lead `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` to conclude that he needed to be removed, and, with his son also knowing too much about her faked death, began to scheme. She instructed her subordinates to convince [[Squire Beaver]] to hire [[Ruffles Hound]] for construction. He then passed on the house plans he was given, including all the secret passages. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` instructed him to build an alcove with a hatch to the fireplace and dangerous spikes on the fences by the [[Servants Quarters]] windows.

`= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` needed a way into the house, which was provided when [[Lady Beaver]] told [[Ruffles Hound]] that [[Catherine Adams]]'s cousin `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic` was coming to visit soon and they had never met before. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` intercepted and kidnapped her, disguising herself as `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic`. She befriended [[Irene Adams]] and, after [[Squire Beaver]] hurt [[Catherine Adams]], was able to convince her to join her in a plan for revenge. [[Irene Adams]] did not know the real `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic` was dead, or that there were plans to kill anyone other than [[Squire Beaver]], so agreed to help.

### Stage 1 - [[Irene Adams]]' Fake Death

The real `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic` was killed earlier that day and `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` told [[Irene Adams]] that it was a body she dug up. [[Irene Adams]] then took it up to the [[Servants Quarters]] in a large chest. She then got everyone's attention by stepping out on the ledge, before ducking back out of sight, dragging the body to the window and throwing it out to the spikes below. She then ran over to the other window, accidentally knocking into it and activating her fake blood pack, then climbed down the tree obscured from view. But the branch broke and she fell, injuring her leg. She quickly threw the branch into the [[Storage Area]] and waited as [[Ruffles Hound]], carefully positioned close by, came out to help. He picked up `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic`'s body and once it was out of sight, quickly stuffed it into the [[Storage Area]] and picked up [[Irene Adams]], taking her out for everyone else to see as she faked her death. When everyone left to direct the ambulance to the body, [[Irene Adams]] swapped back in the body of `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic`.

### Stage 2 - [[Irene Adams]]' Ghost

[[Irene Adams]] was waiting in the [[Séance Control Room]] for dinner. She opened the hatch and slid in a sheet of glass, before turning on the powerful light and using Pepper's ghost illusion to make her ghostly proclamation that [[Squire Beaver]] would soon die. The hatch would then be closed, breaking the glass in the hinge, and the filing cabinet replaced, causing another, louder scraping sound. She and `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` had placed the cabinet there to prevent anyone else using the room from discovering the hatch to the fireplace. The chandelier had been loosened and was held in place by a pin attached to the curtain that would be removed, dropping it when they were opened. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` would be ready to do this if no-one else did when the ghost finished talking. This was used for both atmosphere and to disguise the broken glass in the fireplace.

[[Irene Adams]] then left the house as fast and sneakily as possible and ran to the [[Guest House]]. However, in a moment of crisis for the murder she was about to commit, she went to pray in the [[Chapel]]. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` had dug a tunnel to [[Irene Adams]]'s grave, ready to use to replace her real body after she killed her later, and had already removed `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic`'s body in preparation. [[Irene Adams]] found the tunnel and the body in it and, confused, went to examine it. She found a note tucked into the shell reading "Will meet you at the station next Monday. Looking forward to finally getting to meet you!". She recognised this as having been written by her wife to `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic` and correctly deduced who the body was. Angered by the discovery of her wife's cousin's death and worried as to the nature of who she was working with she stormed back to the house to where the séance was in progress. Seeing `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` sat next to [[Catherine Adams]], she shouted her: "I found what you did to her, stay away from my wife you monster." But, `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` pulled a knife from her shell and held it up behind [[Catherine Adams]]'s back and mouthed "Do your job or else". `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Detective` saw this flash of silver reflected in the window and turned to look, but `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` reacted fast enough to quickly withdraw her arm back into her shell.

Meanwhile [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]] and [[Squire Beaver]] were arguing upstairs. [[Squire Beaver]] had been receiving warnings from `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` to back off or their would be consequences, but believed with `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` dead, he had nothing to fear. Shouting, "I will NOT be intimidated by a ghost.", after which [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]] told him about faking `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain`'s death. 

### Stage 3 - The Death of [[Squire Beaver]]

This frightened [[Squire Beaver]] enough that he wanted to speak to `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Detective`, tell him everything he knew about `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` and her network and ask for help. It was for this reason he invited him into his office and opened the trapdoor to his [[Hidden Study]], ready to show him his records, and allowing some sound to travel to and from the grate to the [[Power Control Room]] and into [[Squire Beaver's Study]]. [[Irene Adams]], positioned in the [[Power Control Room]] heard them talking, and began to ramp up the power to the house, causing the lights to flicker, and then began to up the power to [[Squire Beaver's Study]] and the electromagnet `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` had installed in the phone a couple weeks earlier. `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` took this chance to hide in her shell, before slipping out of it behind the sofa, placing a small record player inside with sounds of whimpering, and sneaking into the [[Downstairs Bathroom]]. She then used the secret entrance to reach [[Irene Adams]], stab her, and pull the lever to full power, laughing maniacally as the lights burst and [[Squire Beaver]] died before he could use the knife to remove the bullet from his chest. She then snuck back up, reset the busts in a rush, and snuck back into her shell, breaking the record and hiding the shards under the sofa.

Then she offered to go to the [[Guest House]] and call the police, but instead went down the stairwell to the [[Power Control Room]], where she obtained [[Irene Adams]]'s body and brought it back to the [[Guest House]], then through the passage in the [[Chapel]] to place it in her grave. The phone line in the [[Guest House]] had already been cut, and her minions already knew to arrive, dressed as police, just before midnight.

### Stage 4 - The Death of [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]]

[[Dr Corbyn Beaver]] had been slipped a note instructing him to meet outside, and when the time came, `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Psychic` found an excuse to slip away on her own. By following divining rods out of the [[Kitchens]] and leaving `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Detective` and `= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Chef` to fight [[Sheila Cringle]]. She quickly grabbed the hunting rifles from the [[Downstairs Hallway]] and [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]] and [[Birdie Small]]'s coats from the [[Cupboard Under Stairs]], then made her way outside to meet [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]]. She then shot him, timing it as close to a strike of thunder as possible to disguise it. She then dressed him in a coat and carried him out to the [[Back Garden]] where his body was found, placing a gun in his hand, before running back around the house to the other side. 

[[Aurora Fable]] had installed a one way mirror on the left side of the [[Séance Room]], taking advantage of the [[Back Garden]]'s symmetry for her illusions. By controlling the amount of light, she could change whether one was viewing the actual outside or, a reflection of the other side of the garden. At this moment, the internal lights were on, and the outside lights off, so from the inside one could only see the reflection, hiding [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]]'s body. When both or neither lights are on, this makes anything behind the mirror appear transluscent. Earlier this had given [[Irene Adams]] the illusion of ghostliness, until the internal lights were turned on, causing her to disappear as only the reflection could be seen.

`= [[Ghosts of the Damned]].Villain` then donned [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]]'s coat and walked out in the reflected side, holding the gun up by her face, obscured by the coat and firing past her head into the ground. She then collapsed, and waited till she saw [[Lady Beaver]] run out and [[Aurora Fable]] looking at [[Dr Corbyn Beaver]]'s body through the untampered glass, before she moved. Running to the storage area to deposit the gun and coat, then running into the [[Séance Room]] as the first to arrive, quickly switching the lights to show the body through the one way mirror as like glass.